Clarify collection paths in docs (#72510)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections.rst

expect to find collections when attempting to use them. If you don't specify a path value, ``ansible-galaxy collection install``
installs the collection in the first path defined in :ref:`COLLECTIONS_PATHS`, which by default is ``~/.ansible/collections``.

> If you want to use a collection from a folder rather than a tarball, see :ref:`hacking_collections`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a collection directly out of a checked out git repository, see :ref:`hacking_collections`.
```
